Add Windows Active Directory Mixin (#1105)
grafana/jsonnet-libs: windows-active-directory-mixin/README.md

# Windows Active Directory mixin

The Windows Active Directory mixin is a set of configurable Grafana dashboards and alerts.

The Windows Active Directory mixin contains the following dashboards:

- Windows Active Directory overview
- Windows Active Directory logs

and the following alerts:

> - alertsCriticalHighReplicationIssues 

Reviewer: I believe these should be the names of the alerts and not the thresholds

Reviewer 2: ^^^

- alertsWarningHighBindOperations
- alertsWarningHighPasswordChanges
- alertsCriticalMetricsDownJobName

## Windows Active Directory overview

The Windows Active Directory overview dashboard provides details on integration status/alerts, workers/coordinators, error failures, data throughput, blocked nodes, and distributed bytes.
![Windows Active Directory overview dashboard (LDAP)](https://storage.googleapis.com/grafanalabs-integration-assets/windows-active-directory/screenshots/windows_active_directory_overview_1.png)
![Windows Active Directory overview dashboard (database)](https://storage.googleapis.com/grafanalabs-integration-assets/windows-active-directory/screenshots/window_active_directory_overview_2.png)

# Windows Active Directory logs

> The Windows Active Directory logs dashboard provides details on incoming system logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Windows Active Directory logs dashboard provides details on incoming AD logs.
```
"system" doesn't seem right unless they are actual system logs, so maybe "AD" or something else

![Windows Active Directory logs dashboard](https://storage.googleapis.com/grafanalabs-integration-assets/windows-active-directory/screenshots/windows_active_directory_logs.png)

> Windows Active Directory system logs are enabled by default in the `config.libsonnet` and can be removed by setting `enableLokiLogs` to `false`. Then run `make` again to regenerate the dashboard:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Windows Active Directory system logs are enabled by default in the `config.libsonnet` and can be disabled by setting `enableLokiLogs` to `false`. Then run `make` again to regenerate the dashboard:
```

```
{
  _config+:: {
    enableLokiLogs: false,
  },
}
```

> In order for the selectors to properly work for system logs ingested into your logs datasource, please also include the matching `instance` and `job` labels onto the [scrape configs](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/clients/promtail/configuration/#scrape_configs) as to match the labels for ingested metrics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the selectors to properly work with AD logs ingested into your logs datasource, please also include `instance` and `job` labels in the [scrape configs](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/clients/promtail/configuration/#scrape_configs) so they match the labels for ingested metrics.
```

```yaml
    scrape_configs:
      # Add here any snippet that belongs to the `logs.configs.scrape_configs` section.
      # For a correct indentation, paste snippets copied from Grafana Cloud at the beginning of the line.
    - job_name: integrations/windows
      windows_events:
        use_incoming_timestamp: true
        eventlog_name: 'Application'
        bookmark_path: "./bookmarks-app.xml"
      relabel_configs:
        - source_labels: ['computer']
          target_label: 'agent_hostname'
      pipeline_stages:
        - json:
            expressions:
              source: source
              level: levelText
        - labels:
            source:
            level:

>             job: "integrations/windows"

Reviewer: shouldn't we relabel the job to something like "integration/active_directory" or something like that to tell the difference between different windows jobs (like IIS)?

Reviewer: that's interesting. because for IIS i thought we were changing the label to NOT be the generic "integrations/windows" so that we could filter by job and only have the IIS metrics. either way, if vitaly suggested that, then i'm ok with it as well

```

## Alerts overview

> - alertsCriticalHighReplicationIssues: There is a high number of replication issues. Replication issues can cause authentication failures, outdated information across domain controllers, and potentially data loss.

Reviewer: again, should have the names of alerts and not thresholds

![Windows Active Directory overview dashboard (database)](https://storage.googleapis.com/grafanalabs-integration-assets/windows-active-directory/screenshots/window_active_directory_overview_2.png)

# Windows logs
The Windows logs dashboard provides details on incoming Windows application, security, and system logs.
![Windows logs dashboard](https://storage.googleapis.com/grafanalabs-integration-assets/windows-active-directory/screenshots/windows_active_directory_logs.png)

Windows logs are enabled by default in the `config.libsonnet` and can be disabled by setting `enableLokiLogs` to `false`. Then run `make` again to regenerate the dashboard:

```
{
  _config+:: {
    enableLokiLogs: false,
  },
}
```

For the selectors to properly work with the Windows logs ingested into your logs datasource, please also include the matching `instance` and `job` labels in the [scrape configs](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/clients/promtail/configuration/#scrape_configs) to match the labels for ingested metrics.

> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: Is this yaml section new? I don't remember it being in the README before

Author: This yaml section is just to show what the log snippet would look like for the mixin. Its not new as far as I know and I have been asked to include it in the past.

# Windows Active Directory mixin

The Windows Active Directory mixin is a set of configurable Grafana dashboards and alerts.

The Windows Active Directory mixin contains the following dashboards:

> 

Reviewer: nitpicky: but do we normally have a space here but not before the alerts?

Author: I dont think it matters as the spacing changes depending on the mixin you are looking at, but i updated it to be more inline with the style you are thinking of i believe.

![Windows Active Directory overview dashboard (database)](https://storage.googleapis.com/grafanalabs-integration-assets/windows-active-directory/screenshots/window_active_directory_overview_2.png)

# Windows logs

The Windows logs dashboard provides details on incoming Windows application, security, and system logs.
![Windows logs dashboard](https://storage.googleapis.com/grafanalabs-integration-assets/windows-active-directory/screenshots/windows_active_directory_logs.png)

Windows logs are enabled by default in the `config.libsonnet` and can be disabled by setting `enableLokiLogs` to `false`. Then run `make` again to regenerate the dashboard:

```
{
  _config+:: {
    enableLokiLogs: false,
  },
}
```

For the selectors to properly work with Windows Active Directory event logs ingested into your logs datasource, please also include the matching `instance` and `job` labels in the [scrape configs](https://grafana.com/docs/loki/latest/clients/promtail/configuration/#scrape_configs) as to match the labels for ingested metrics.

```yaml

> - job_name: integrations/windows-exporter-application

Reviewer: is this spacing incorrect (comparing it to the others)?

Reviewer: @BominRahmani looks like you didn't respond to this one. i think the job name should be moved over to be in line with `windows_events`?
